formula step :: update doc (escaping column names with whitespaces) (#463)
ToucanToco/weaverbird: docs/_docs/user-interface/formula.md

### Formula

You can use this step to create a column as a formula based on other columns.
A column can be referenced by its name without quotes unless they include

> whitespaces, in such a case you need to use brackets '[]' (e.g. \[myColumn]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
white-spaces, in such a case you need to use brackets '[]' (e.g. `[myColumn]`).
```

Author: `white-spaces` is a CSS property ;) https://developer.mozilla.org/fr/docs/Web/CSS/white-space
`whitespace` is right if we choose to believe in Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whitespace_character

Any characters string escaped with quotes (simple or double) will be considered

> as a string.

Reviewer: That's too bad we have to repeat that in the tow docs :man_shrugging:
